<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>Weekly Meeting: 2016-02-03</title>
  <meta name="description" content="3rd Feb 2016: Dropping 4.01 support and Hackathon.">
  <!-- todo: include this into main.css -->
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/font-awesome.css">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://mirage.github.io//wiki/weekly-2016-02-03">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Mirage" href="https://mirage.github.io//feed.xml">
</head>

  <body>
    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="three columns">
          <header class="site-header">

  <h2 class="logo">
   <a href="/">Mirage</a><br />
  </h2>

  <div class="nav">
    
    <label for="menu-toggle" class="menu-icon">
        <!--div data-icon="ei-navicon"></div-->
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
    </label>
    <input type="checkbox" id="menu-toggle">

    <div class="site-nav">
      <nav>
        <ul class="page-link">
          <li><a href="/">Home</a></li>
          <li><a href="/news">News</a></li>
          <li><a href="/doc">Docs</a></li>
          <li><a href="/people">People</a></li>
          <li><a href="/papers">Papers</a></li>
          <li><a href="/talks">Talks</a></li>
          <li><a href="/code">Code</a></li>
          <li><a href="/feed.xml">RSS</a></li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
    </div>

  </div>
</header>

        </div>

        <div class="nine columns" style="z-index:100;">
          <div class="wrapper">
            <article class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">Weekly Meeting: 2016-02-03</h1>
  </header>

  <div class="article-content">
    <p>3rd Feb 2016: Dropping 4.01 support and Hackathon.</p>

<h3 id="agenda">Agenda</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Quality and Test</li>
  <li>Functoria status</li>
  <li>Outreachy status</li>
  <li>MirageOS Hackathon status</li>
</ul>

<p>Attendees:
Amir (chair), Anil, Thomas Leonard, Dave Scott, Thomas G, Mort, 
Dan Williams, Daniel, Chris, matt-g, Hannes, pablo polvorin, Jeremy</p>

<h3 id="notes">Notes</h3>

<h4 id="quality-and-test">Quality and Test</h4>

<ul>
  <li>Merged a huge test from Jane street.</li>
  <li>Now have a camlp4-free version and can compile very fast.</li>
  <li>Now need to do a bunch of point releases related to the change.</li>
  <li>Just need to rename some of the dependencies — will remove the constraints
we have.</li>
  <li>Overall effect is we can depend on PPX only.  Does anyone need to support
4.01 anymore?</li>
  <li>Should focus on 4.02 and trunk. Only the Xen people might care.</li>
  <li>Docker containers work and they’re all published. Thanks to DBunzli for
feedback.</li>
  <li>Should be able to test all distros from a PR.</li>
  <li>4.01 is in Debian. Stick with it for that?</li>
  <li>Since we have docker containers and opam switch, we should probably leave
4.01 behind now. Hard to maintain both camlpp4 and ppx.</li>
  <li>Maybe keep the libs supporting 4.01 where possible but not be tied to it.</li>
  <li>DanW: The Docs should be updated to match. Anil: we have codoc that we used
but need to finish this. Thanks for reminder.</li>
</ul>

<h4 id="functoria-status">Functoria status</h4>

<ul>
  <li>Not much to say since last time. On the brink of the release.</li>
  <li>Should coordinate with press release?</li>
  <li>Code review status? Yallop looking over it but otherwise happy.</li>
  <li>Anil noticed one issue when trying to look at dependency chain for the xen
packages. Will file an issue.</li>
  <li>Some question since Solo5 is a different backend. Should we adjust the
config now to be able to work with this and other backends? We should have a
blocker to mirage 3.0?</li>
  <li>In terms of functoria tutorials. There’s the blog post but not much more.
Mort is going to try out Solo5 stuff this weekend.</li>
  <li>Rumprun and MirageOS and Functoria? Cross-compilation is still a ‘thing’.
Adam Wick is trying things with HaLVM and Rump kernels so we can follow in his
footsteps once things are clearer.</li>
</ul>

<h4 id="outreachy-status">Outreachy Status</h4>

<ul>
  <li>Kia is on east coast US. Sent an email to list yesterday about the code and
a blog post. Another 4 weeks to go. All is in hand.</li>
  <li>Difficult to join calls due to timezone.</li>
</ul>

<h4 id="mirageos-hackathon">MirageOS hackathon</h4>

<ul>
  <li>We have over 30 people signed up — but we have 27 beds :)</li>
  <li>Can people participate remotely? Anil will bring video conf stuff</li>
  <li>If we have crucible projects that would be useful. Half the people are new
to MirageOS. Particularly end-to-end app problems would be good.</li>
  <li>Hannes has set up a mailing list for participants. Will kick this off so
people can chat. Will also bring labels to the meeting.</li>
  <li>Hannes’ plan was to write to the mailing list and make a wiki page to enable
collaboration amongst people.</li>
  <li>Hope someone else will organise another one in three months!</li>
</ul>

<p>–</p>

<h4 id="aob">AoB</h4>

<ul>
  <li>
    <p>Mailing list and devel.unikernel.org: Should we use the latter more? Move
all the old MirageOS threads in there? There may be utility to share things
between unikernel projects. Would need to plan for a cut over date. DBunzli
likes mailing list for discussion quality. Should set up a test to ingest
archive.</p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>SCALE conference: Snow storm cancelled Anil’s flight. Amir and Mort made it.
Videos are online.</p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>Cross compilation discussion with rump/solo5 etc. Next step for DanW is to
get familiar with build system stuff (and Functoria). Ask Gabriel Radanne re
the call. Can have a wiki to put info into as people discover things.
DBunzli: the first things we need is support in opam, which allows us to do it
in a clean fashion. People have been working on this.</p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>The next call is scheduled for <strong>17th February</strong>. Please add any
<a href="https://github.com/mirage/mirage-www/wiki/Call-Agenda">agenda items</a> you wish to discuss in advance and refer to the
<a href="http://lists.xenproject.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/mirageos-devel">mailing list</a> for actual details a day or so in advance.</p>
  </li>
</ul>


  </div>

</article>

          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="container">
    <div class="footer left column one-half">
      <section class="small-font">
        Content © 2012-2017 under a <a href="https://wiki.creativecommons.org/wiki/CC0">CC0</a> license.<br />
        Theme based on <a href="https://github.com/wild-flame/jekyll-simple">Jekyll-Simple</a> by <a href="http://wildflame.me">wildflame</a>.
      </section>
    </div>

    <div class="footer right column one-half">
      <section class="small-font">
        
        
      </section>
    </div>
  </div>
</footer>
 
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
